
# Do you think success is better than failure?

image credits to https://finallyfamilyhomes.org/10-keys-to-success-in-life/

Success is a charming word. Everyone would have a small smile when they hear this. We all have been taught that success is good and failure is bad. We all know how to enjoy success but only a few know how to treat failure.

Let us consider our own life. When we are in our school, only the person who got the first rank would be praised. At that time, that is our goal, we treated it as success. We would get depressed when we met up with a failure and some people would love this confidence.

The reason for many suicides happening is due to the lack of knowledge to face failures. We all consider the person who succeeded as great but there are many people other than the succeeded who had tried and did many things than them. Success and failure are secondary things that satisfy you by the things you did as the primary thing.
> Failure from a good deed is much better than Success from a wrong deed.

Failure teaches us more than success. The people who failed badly are the ones who had succeeded a big now. The huge success we know all was once a failure.
> Life may be full of failures, but never lose your hope.

Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up — Edison.

What you do is more important than what you get for that. Some people didn’t achieve anything or didn’t even win a single thing but there is none without getting failed. Learn to face the failures. Failures are much better than success. Life is not a race to win. It is a journey. We have to travel with the utmost engagement, whether we fail or succeed and it doesn’t matter.
> The real success is facing failure with a smile.

One who wins after many failures are much stronger than a person who never failed. The day I kneel for failure is the day I die. The story of a loser is much better than the story of a winner. Life is serious for one who feels and funny for one who thinks.

Most of us try to pretend to be the brightest ones just to make others feel that we are great but that doesn’t matter. If you consider yourself great, you are great. You are the one who is gonna win yourself for all your struggles.
> So never care about others.
